Changes on Cookie and Privacy Policy (#215)
kestra-io/kestra.io: content/cookie-policy.md

---

# Cookie Policy
-----------------

Last updated: 4th of May 2023

> This Cookie Policy explains how Kestra uses cookies on our website [kestra.io](http://kestra.io) (the "Website"). By using our Website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookie Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains how Kestra uses cookies on [kestra.io](http://kestra.io) (i.e., the "Website"). By using the website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this cookie policy.
```

Reviewer: I would generally make all those lowercase: website, cookie policy -- but up to you. The main thing would be to keep it consistent. Atm, the website is sometimes named in lowercase and sometimes capitalized (Website).

Author: yeah I stuttered on the MD!

The cookies we use on our Website can be categorized as follows:

-   **Essential cookies**: These cookies are necessary for the proper functioning of our Website and cannot be switched off. They are usually set in response to actions made by you, such as setting your privacy preferences or filling in forms.
-   **Performance cookies**: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources to measure and improve the performance of our Website. They help us understand which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.

We use the following third-party cookies on our Website:

1.  **Google Analytics**: We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our Website, such as the number of visitors, the pages they visit, and the duration of their visit. This information is used to improve the user experience and optimize our Website. You can learn more about Google Analytics cookies and how to opt-out **[here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)**.

> 2.  **HubSpot**: We use HubSpot to manage our customer relationships and provide a better user experience on our Website. HubSpot uses cookies to track visitor activity, gather data about website usage, and understand user preferences. You can learn more about HubSpot cookies and how to opt-out **[here](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/reports/what-cookies-does-hubspot-set-in-a-visitor-s-browser)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  **HubSpot**: We use HubSpot to manage our customer relationships and provide a better user experience on our Website. HubSpot uses cookies to track visitor activity, gather data about website usage, and understand user preferences. You can learn more about HubSpot cookies and how to opt out of using them **[here](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/reports/what-cookies-does-hubspot-set-in-a-visitor-s-browser)**.
```
